Virellia:
	Planet:
		A planet with a purple sky,
		Ground is black with silver hexagons,
		Crystal-like structures in the background
	
		The idea for Virellia was a planet with silver dust settled on the black ground,
		which is where the hexagon shaped tiles come from. I also loved the idea of a violet sky, which
		is why Virellia has one.
	
	Enemies:
		Future Spider:
			Originally called the Future Scarab, I went and changed it to spider due to its 8 legs.
			This enemy was meant to be the only killable one on Virellia (without power-ups), but
			was also intended to move quickly. It's colors were to match the ground, except instead
			of silver it pulses a light blue, similar to the color of the crystals which come out
			of the ground.
		
		Shardback Crawler:
			This one kept its original name, but its design was changed. It was meant to originally
			look similar to a crab with crystals on its back, but since this was my first time doing
			detailed pixel art I ended up with what I currently have. The crystals on its back
			stayed, but this enemy is meant to be unkillable for now, as the only way to kill
			enemies without power-ups is to land on its back, and this one has crystal growths
			all along its back. The Shardback Crawler was also intended to be slow, because the weight
			of the crystals would slow down its movement. However, it ended up being faster than I wanted
			due to coding constraints. Just don't upset the Shardback Queen.
	
	Unique Power-Up: Jump Suit
		Each planet has a unique power-up introduced on it, but will be able to use the previous planet's
		power-ups. Virellia's power-up is a Jump Suit, which allows the player to do a double-jump to
		maneuver around the planet in some places.

Giltera:
	Planet:
		The second planet of the game, this planet is intended to be a forest planet with trees and
		other plants. It's enemies will also be plants or plant-like. The big difference here is that
		the plants will not look the same as the ones here on earth. The trees may look similar, but
		the colors will be different (still deciding on colors as of writing this).
		Wren suggested Pink and Orange.
	
	Enemies:
		Trap Planet (Working on Name):
			This plant will sit along the floor of Giltera's forests, and if the player were to walk
			into the plant's leaves they will fold up and prevent the player from moving. The player
			will take one hit of damage, but will not take any damage after that from the plant, even
			if they were to get trapped in the same plant again. The player will have to escape by
			pressing the jump button a few times, hitting an Area2D. Once the Area2D has detected
			at least 3 hits it will open the plant, and after a few seconds the plant will reset and
			be able to trap the player again. The plant will also prevent the player from taking damage
			from other sources and can not be killed by the player.
			
		Plant Man (Name a WIP):
			A creature that is humanoid but entirely made of plants. I will probably take the player
			and reskin them into the plant creature, so I don't have to do a completely new walking
			animation (because I do not feel like putting in 6 hours for one enemy). This enemy will
			walk around blindly, turning around when it hits objects besides the player. However, if
			it hits the player once it will start moving faster because it has gotten a taste of blood
			and it wants more for the nutrients it was provided.
			This creature can be killed by the player, but has to be hit twice before it dies. The first
			hit on the top of the creature will open it's flower. When the flower is open, the creature
			moves faster as a defensive measure, but once the flower is hit the creature will die.
	
	Unique Power-Up:
